Colosseum: Year 3XXX

Dependencies:
    - pyBox2D 2.1 (http://code.google.com/p/pybox2d/)
    - pygame (http://pygame.org/)
    Windows users can find precompiled binaries for thier favorite platforms 
    and modules at http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs courtesy of 
    Christoph Gohlke of University of California, Irvine.

Running the Game:
    python main.py

Running the Server:
    python Network/Server.py [port_number=62227]

Instructions:
    Connection and Lobby:
        Type your player name and server name into the boxes and press connect. 
        When connected, you will enter. In the lobby, you can chat with other 
        players in the lobby by clicking the text box under the chat box, 
        typing and pressing enter. 

        The rooms will be listed in the ROOM box. Rooms can either be PLAYING 
        or WAITING. If a room is PLAYING, that means a game is currently going
        on. If it is WAITING, the room master is waiting to start the game.
        You can JOIN a room by clicking a room and pressing join. Otherwise,
        you can CREATE a room by pressing CREATE.

        You can change your character by pressing ESC and then pressing
        CHANGE CHARACTER, in the menu. You can also quit the game by pressing
        QUIT GAME.

   Waiting Room:
        If you are the game master you can start the game by pressing START. It
        does not matter how many players are in the room, as players can join
        while the game is in progress. The Room can be left by pressing LEAVE.

   In-game:
        The object of the game is to get 15 kills. Movement is done by using
        the WASD keys. Shooting is done by clicking the mouse. If you hover
        over a weapon or health-pack (denoted by a glowing aura), it can be
        picked up with E. You can leave the room by pressing ESC and then 
        pressing LEAVE ROOM. The game ends when someone gets 15 kills.

Notes:
    This game is based on the now defunct game, Gunster: Rain of Bullets
    (also known as Gunstriker: Reloaded Bullets in Japan). All the art
    and sounds are lifted off that game as well as the game play. This 
    project was not started as an attempt to revive the game. The style
    of play was easy to code (this project is my first pygame + networking
    type game, for a senior year high school CS project) and I was 
    not very good at making my own art.

    There is also a lot of code I thought was cool back in high school. 
    For example division by two is done by "expr >> 1." Secondly, this
    program was quickly ported from pyBox2d 2.1 to pyBox2D 2.1, so there
    is some legacy code concerning this.

Author: 
    nemothekid <nwaribok@andrew.cmu.edu>